# Tuesday, April 8, 2014 @ 814pm CDT

Hello(:

So, I'm sorry about breaking my promise about now writing everyday but I never exercised… at least not much. When I did, I didn't want to write in here. I'm not forcing it.

I am talking to Trip again. We made a promise to each other to be friends no matter what. We text/fb messenger now. Only cause we are now sending the pics/vids again. Only difference now as opposed to a year ago is that the feelings are gone. @ least on my side. I realized that he is too selfish & just all wrong for me. So, now I Have feelings for now one(: Good thing because that was starting to get annoying.

Anyway, yes, we are talking and back to sending pics/vids as a mutual masturbation thing.

Robyn messaged me a while back & I decided she was not worth my time either. She said something about she didn't remember why we were not friends anymore. We are not friends anymore b/c she is dating 40-year old men and I’m not even sure who she is anymore. Would be nice if I had someone else to talk to even if we don't see each other anymore…I'm not sure about it anymore… I think I've decided to reach out to her. All it could do negatively is nothing changing or hearing the disgustingness of her sexual encounters.

I was finally able to install Google's new OS, Kitkat 4.4.2 on my Galaxy S4 & it seems to have completely solved all my issues. I have almost a page full. Ridiculous… which is why I want the iPhone 6. My dad thinks I am razy for wanting another phone when I haven't had the S4 or iPhone 5 for even a year. The iPhone 5's screen is too small for me to use but the S4 has too many issues. So that's why I want it but I want it as a gift & not pay for it. I'm cheap. Lol Well, that's it. Bye! ~ Erin Nicole Motyka Tuesday 4/8/14 April 8 2014