# 2024-03-15 Friday
Reddit Post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/ObsidianMD/comments/1bf4h3j/help_me_decide_between_onenote_and_obsidian_once/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ObsidianMD/comments/1bf4h3j/help_me_decide_between_onenote_and_obsidian_once/)  
I want to use OneNote for the following reasons-  
>1. Sync is free  
>1. Web access to notes  
>1. Web clipper is the best in the business  
>1. Virtually unlimited text formatting - including how tables look without having to mess with CSS. Can even embed Excel tables for that extra flair.  
>1. OCR on handwriting and images and PDFs. Search has never failed me.  
>1. Smoother experience than Obsidian. Since Obsidian is built with a smaller, newer, team and it is a newer app overall, it isn’t as reliable as OneNote.  
  
I want to use Obsidian for the following reasons-  
>1. Offline first. I don’t have to worry about my notes being used to train some AI model.  
>1. Linking to notes from external applications using the obsidian:// app link is 1000x easier to do and useful for linking my notes to tasks in Things 3/Apple Reminders. This is something that really REALLY bugs me about OneNote. On mobile, you can’t copy links to notes unless you do #3 (below) and copy that link or on desktop copy the link and paste it in the same note so you have a title that is clickable. Then you can copy the link from there. WHY?! The feature parity between devices sucks Microsoft!!!  
>1. Linking notes together is 1000x easier. I don’t have to go find the note, copy the title, and then paste it inside brackets to make sure it links correctly.  
  
Obsidian Nice-To-Haves- (meaning if I don’t have them it is not the end of the world unlike above)  
>1. The outline. I like how it is built in and automatic.  
>1. Daily Notes. I like how I am prompted to journal cause sometimes I will not journal for days and my head gets clogged until I journal. This keeps my head feeling clearer.  
>1. Plugins + Themes. They are nice but I have to rely on a random person to keep it updated. Seems like a lot of the ones I use aren’t updated frequently for one reason or another. So I’m running into a lot more bugs.  
  
OneNote Nice-To-Haves-  
>1. Handwriting. I don’t handwrite/draw much but the fact that I can AND it will be searchable is ~chefs kiss~  
>1. Unlimited embedding. Meaning I have attached .zip files to notes before. My only limit seems to be the size of OneDrive which is 1TB for me. So I have virtually unlimited sized notebooks. Unlike Obsidian which ranges from syncing 100mb to 200mb file sizes (depending on your sync solution) to 10gb to 100gb total storage per Obsidian account if you use Obsidian Sync. Plus, OneDrive is cheaper than Obsidian Sync.  
  
It seems obvious that I like OneNote more BUT I can’t get over the linking notes together and to external apps. That is so incredibly useful and Microsoft borked it. I even have attempted from the web on my iPhone and I can’t copy links to notes there and linking with brackets \[\[]] doesn’t work at all. I also can’t move the cursor around with the spacebar on the web. These last 2 things work in the app.  
So I’m stuck because those are 2 things (linking between notes and to other apps) I use a lot to keep myself organized. So which should I stick with?  
I will be using mostly Windows, iPhone and iPad and occasionally, a MacBook.  
  
I have to decide what is most important for me in a note taking app and task management app once and for all. I can't keep doing this. I'm so tired. So incredibly tired. For more than one reason. I slept like crap this entire week. I think the melatonin gummies are working against me because I took them too frequently. I think I took them every day this week. So I think they are preventing my body from producing melatonin on its own so it is doing it during the day when I need to be awake. UGH.  
  
I'm in the office all day today. At least it is almost 9:30 now… Only 8 more hours… woo…. Ugh.  
  
Anyway, I'm going to copy and paste everything from my post last night and decide once and for all on Note Taking apps first.  
  
Okay, in order, these are what is important to me:  
>1. Privacy.  
  

