Hello,

I live in Ohio but next week I will be moving to Tampa, FL. I can't wait to see the apartment, live by the beach and explore what Tampa has to offer. I currently work for KeyBank though when I get to FL I will be looking for a job in IT and doing my hardest to get into IT as Tampa is an IT hub.

Hopefully it will work.

I wanted to journal today because I needed to rant to someone who it didn't matter to and who won't judge me or Josh or do anything. I can't talk to anyone as it will "poison" how they see Josh. Understandably. If you are only ever hearing bad things, that's what you are going to think.

I'm just so pissed off and annoyed. I get our loft is a mess. I get Cleveland sucks. I get moving is stressful. I get all that. I'm stressed, too. I'm annoyed, too. I'm working full time as well as trying to get ready for this move. It is hard.

He acts like I can't be stressed, pissed or annoyed. When I do it he gets mad or guilty. Then I feel guilty because I don't want him to feel bad.

It just sucks.

Then he won't listen to me. I tell him to listen to me and he doesn't. I ask him to stop and he doesn't stop. Over and over again and it is frustrating. He will listen for a day or two or three and then back to not listening.

Or he slaps me, yeah it may be a light slap but it is super annoying.

Or he slaps at me, snaps his fingers at me, or just does stuff that annoys me on purpose.

Then he expects me to know to yell at him. I hate yelling. It is confrontation, I hate confrontation all shapes and sizes.

It is something I'm going to do but I hate it. I don't want to yell at him. He should just do it. He just has a double standard…

Anyway, I cleaned most of the bathroom so far. Just finished cleaning the vent and that was CAKED in fur… like EW. I got it super-duper clean. In the process of getting down though, I broke a coffee mug. It was just the one I pee in to check to see if I am pregnant… but still. Sucks. At least it is one last thing that we have to move with lol

I talked to josh while typing this and I feel a bit better but still annoyed. I just want to be in Florida already. I hate this apartment, I hate this job, I hate my life here.

My whole family is trying to guilt-trip me into staying. I get they are sad, I get they will miss me. I will miss them, too. My life can't revolve around my extended family. I have my own family now. Josh and I are a family unit. I can't let anyone but him tell me where to live or what to do.

Speaking of, I finally got Kaitlyn to back off. Caused Drama in the process but it worked.

Anyway, I'm tired and just want to play Zelda BOTW. I just have 44 min left of my work shift so I'm going to watch some YT videos to pass the time until I can play.

Thanks for listening!

Erin Skidds

9-21-21 8:17pm