Hello,

So, I wanted to write in here because I'm upset & feel so alone right now. I'm going to talk about that later though.

This past Semester has been great! I finish going to my annoying field experience early & I only have one final left. Well, one cumulative final anyway. One is a binder that my instructor is going to look over (I'll get an A in the class cause it is easy) another is on Geometry terms & the only cumulative one is Ed. Psych & I'm scaread for that one. I'm gonna start studying (again) on Tuesday while going up to Alabama. So far, I'm liking it here in FL but I Haven't made any friends yet… Well, I mean any long lasting friends. Hence one of the reasons I'm so upset right now.

The main reason is because I feel like Kaitlyn needs to bring someone else down to make herself happy. Right now, I'm an easy target because of how lonely & depressed I already am. Basically, she said that I shouldn't text (iMessage! Tell you 'bout that later!) her about my job, especially when I am complaining about my job. She made a good point w/saying "What is she supposed to do about it?" I mean what is she supposed to do about it? I need to learn not to need so much attention but I am so bored while I'm here alone.

Maybe I'm just PMSing. I'm just finishing up my period but I don't have any birth control pills. At least I won't until Wednesday. Then I have to wait until my period starts again to take them. Ugh! I hope this doesn't mean I will be PMSing all month long. Either way, I have to go to the doctor to do my first cancer screening cause they won't refill my birth control pills until I do since I'm 21.

Ehh. I'm done. I feel better. Bye!

~ Erin Motyka

11/23/14

November 23, 2014

3:18pm