Hello,

Long time no talk. I'm at work right now. I now work for Availity. It is a medical IT company. Basically we are a middle man between providers and their insurance companies or "payers." I have learned a lot about the medical industry with this job. It is VERY relaxed as long as you come to work on time and answer calls & try your best they pay you @$14/hr. It is nice but I can't wait until I can quit because I am tired of call center jobs but sadly this may not be my last one. :( sucks but it is what it is.

So, I'm writing this as I'm upset because I am MARRIED and my husband, Joshua Brian Skidds, is at Army basic training. He is there until around June 20, 2019. It sucks because he will miss my birthday. I know I will have 25+ more but I'd love to spend my first birthday as a married couple together. Life sucks sometimes. Who knows maybe he could show up for an hour or something because the military lets him? I doubt it, HIGHLY but it is a nice wish. I am lonely & sad & only on day 4 out of 70+ days but I know I will make it with my mom's help. She went through this exact thing with my dad so I know that she can help me a lot. Now I am cleaning the whole house to distract myself. Once that is done, I'm going to organize the pantry, underneath my sink, under Kaitlyn's sink (if she lets me), the indoor/outdoor room, freezers, fridge, & anywhere else I can think of. Hopefully by the time I am done organizing Iw ill have to clean & I can go in circles until Josh comes home. My mom just gave me this idea & I think it is just crazy enough to work. I'm not going to tell Josh because I'd love to see the look on his face in person. I am A LOT happier since I started writing this & I got that idea from my mom. I realized it may take at least 30 of those days out of the equation and that makes the other 40+ easier to handle. THANK YOU MOM!

My wedding was amazing. We had it at the Riverside Park. It was a nice warm day & we were right on the St. John's River. Josh was CRAZY nervous but we were both happy. I will definitely print & include a picture here when I have one. They are editing the photos and they will be done in 6-8 weeks. It was a VERY last minute wedding on March 29th, 2019, which is 2 weeks prior to him leaving for basic. I can't wait to spend the holidays with my man and see where we get stationed. I am so happy to be taking on the world with him. He is my world & I have no idea what I would do if something happened to him. I'm not even going to think about that. What I can't believe is that I met him @ my last day @ best buy in the stupid call center they have. BTW, SO GLAD I QUIT THAT SHIT HOLE! We talked about Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds. What we like & all that new meeting stuff. When he left I told him to text me after adding him on FB. He didn't. This was back end of Oct 2018. He didn't talk to me until he asked me out on Thanksgiving Morning of 2018. I was in Ohio laying on my gma's extra bed (SO UNCOMFORTABLE!) and I texted him first. I was scared so a few min after I said yes, I said as friends. Then a few days later I changed the date from the Nordstrome ebar to watching the cartoon grinch @ the movies & dinner. We went to the theater @ Regency and it was nice. Took Josh like an hour to put his arm around me which I found adorable. First kiss after was awkward but the best thing ever because I married him. I still can't believe it. My name everywhere (that matters anywhere) is Erin Nicole Skidds. <3 This is everything. He is everything. I can tell I am everything to him, too.  He always tells me but I don't need that. I can see it in his eyes & smile when he looks at me. Just the way he acts & the little things he does show me he loves me. That's everything I wanted.

Anyway, my arm hurts so til next time. Bye! =]

~ Erin Nicole Skidds

4/11/19

April 11, 2019

6:14pm EST