Hello,

I'm so frustrated right now and I want to talk to someone but I can't talk to anyone because they would only hear negative things about Josh.

That is so frustrating.

Josh asked me while I was actively talking to someone on the phone for my job at KeyBank, to watch his 20 gallon fish tank, he was filling it. I did not hear him say to watch the tank, I just heard something about whole foods and put a thumbs up. Cause I was Ok with him going there.

He didn't check to make sure I heard him.

He didn't text me to make sure I was checking it.

So, I didn't know about it and didn't check it. It flooded the carpet, vinyl, and outside the apt had water everywhere. Josh noticed it when he got home and it was like a waterfall on the sides of the tank. So, he was freaking out. Yelling at me to grab the laundry from the (expensive $2.25/wash and $1.75-2/dry) laundry room. So I did but he was freaking out the whole time.

Now we have like 5 loads to do.

I'm definitely going to have a serious talk with him after work though. I'm sick and tired of him treating my job like it is lesser because I work from home and play video games during the slow times. I am privileged to have a job that lets me do that. I am lucky. Part of me wants to stay at this job simply because of the flexibility but I know I can't and I won't because I deserve an IT job. I want an IT job more than anything.

While I’m typing this Josh is talking to himself about the fish tanks and how he needs more blankets and how I just need to "get over it." I’m over the fish tank water, I'm not worried about it. I will wash whatever needs to be washed in the washers and dryers and then we will be ok. Yeah, it'll be expensive but it is a one time thing. We will learn from this.

I will never give him a thumbs up when I think I heard him again and then I will make sure he always triple checks with me and I will not give him an attitude when he does.

Whatever. I'm not worried about this anymore. He is still upset and keeps taking it out on me and saying how "he doesn't trust me to keep an eye on things"…. Seriously? YOU DID NOT CHECK WITH ME. You can't blame me when you didn't check with me that 1 I heard him and 2 that I did in fact check it.

I would have done the same for him if he were working.

I guess 2 things are bothering me right now. 1) he blames me for this when he is at fault, too… he seems to not blame himself. I haven't heard him blame himself anyway. 2) he thinks of my job as lesser. I've talked to him about that before but he still sees it as lesser because I can play video games during it. He couldn't do this job and he knows he couldn’t so why would he think of this job as something lesser than what it is?

UGHHHHHHHHHHHH

I can't wait to talk to him. It'll be later on tonight though. Whatever.

That's it for now, just a long rant.

Bye,

Erin Skidds

2:06pm