I didn't finish that last entry because I was talking to Josh in the middle of it and we seemed to have resolved it. I don't know though.

He is frustrated today because we haven't been working on his math since the beginning of September and he feels like he has to learn this math by Nov 5 (two weeks (give or take) from now). So he is stressed out over that and he is also stressed out because his fish seem to have a disease that stays alive in the tank even without fish. It eats microscopic shit in the tank and online people are saying the only way to get rid of it is to bleach the tank and we can't afford any additional tanks until Nov 1 and even then, we may not able to afford it with the car and rent being due.

He wants to get his fish business off the ground but every time there is a slight mishap, PH being wrong or fish getting sick, he just loses his shit. I got a call in the middle but I tried to tell him that he can't do that EVERY SINGLE TIME something happens with a tank. He wants to be a scientist but unless every experiment comes out exactly how he hypothesized it would, he loses his shit.

I mean just read the texts from the right. He sent me that Uronema article which is what his salt water fish have and I was reading it and we talked about it and then he got upset when I told him he can't lose his shit every time something goes wrong and got interrupted by a call for work. Then said he is going to go to the beach or buy something. I was on the phone so I texted him. Then he is saying behind me that he turned off his location (I know he did cause he was talking while he did it and said "ok there" or "done" or something like that after it was off) and texted me that. So, while my response wasn't the most mature (healthy marriage response) I didn't know what else to say.

Him running away to go buy things every time SOMETHING goes wrong is not OK. It is $20 here, $40 there, it ADDS UP. We already have CC debt and if we take on any more we will be screwed for longer. He already can't handle the debt we do have.

I get he has Autism. I get he has depression. I get that we don't know how they interact and not many people can help him. I get that he does not believe therapists will help him. I get that he has anger issues from his horrible childhood. Any Nero divergent person would. All of that is understandable.

I just don't know if I can do this anymore. I know I've been saying that OVER AND OVER AND OVER again since we moved here end of Sept. We were even close to a divorce around the 7th. He left and gave me his ring.  Like we were really close.

Its sad and I didn't want to admit this to myself but I felt relieved. Relieved that I wouldn't have his stress in my life as well as my own.

No, I did not understand fully what I was signing up for when I married him. Yes, I do love him and I was so depressed when that was happening. I was crying so much.

He just adds soo much worry and stress into my life. He controls what I can and cannot eat (for a good reason), what I can and cannot buy (for a good reason) and when I can or cannot have CCs in my name. Like, what does it matter?

It's cause he doesn't have full control and with his Autism everything needs to go his way. He needs to understand everything otherwise he loses control.

I just don't know what to do. On one hand, I love him so much and I want the best for him. On the other hand, do I want to live like THIS for the REST OF MY LIFE? Like, that is a LONNNNGGG time if I live anywhere near as long as my grandmother and great grandmother and etc. on my mom's side have lived. Grandma Joan is 89 and fell TWICE recently. She is doing fine in a physical therapy hospital now and just black and blue but she didn't break any bones. She just got a cut and an infection which is being treated. She was well enough to get discharged from the hospital at 89!! Like, that's insane.

That's another 61 YEARS that I would be living like this. I can talk to Josh and I will but I feel like we are going in circles. He will apologize and say any or all of the following:

- I've gotten better. I've been happier lately and not yelling as much.

- Yes, he has been a bit happier. He still yells and I'm telling him, almost daily at this point, to stop yelling.

- I will do what I can and I will get better.
- Just leave me. If you want to leave, just do it. Go.

There may be some others but I can't think of them right now.

  
Then he will get better for a few hours to a full day and then eventually, he will be yelling again, and just overall pissy.

I don't know if I am contributing to it. I don't think I am but I could be. Looking back at just today, maybe instead of telling him that "you can't be freaking out like this" which he probably already knows, I could have instead comforted him more and been more understanding.

Why I thought he didn't already know that and that he wouldn't freak out when I said that, I don't know. Maybe I was trying to start something. Who knows.

I just called Josh and apologized. He is upset because he is so stressed and he accepted my apology. He was crying due to stress.

When he comes home I will comfort him as much as I can. I am going to be listening to calls for a call calibration.

Anyway, I feel better now. It was me. I am a bad person sometimes.

Love me always!

Erin

3:05pm