I talked to Josh the other day and he apologized and then a few hours later took back his apology and said it was my fault. -.-

I'm so tired. So INCREDIBLY TIRED of everything. One tiny thing goes wrong and he EXPLODES. I'm tired of him making me feel like shit over my MISTAKES. I made a MISTAKE. I did not do it ON PURPOSE. Yet, he treats me like I did do it on purpose. I have said this over and over and over again over the last week/two weeks IDK how long. If I make a TINY mistake, he just explodes and treats me like I did it on purpose.

Yes, we over-dosed his tanks. Yes, it sucks and takes an extra 2 days of the fish in their container… No, it is not the end of the world as he makes it out to be.

I'm thinking about leaving him at this point because I cannot stand ALWAYS BEING THE VILLAN. I have talked to him over and over and over again and I can't do it. I can't talk to anyone about it because they will get a bad view of Josh. I'm just ready to explode. I love him but I am starting to wonder why. He is constantly telling me how much he hates me and how I do everything wrong and can't do anything right.

I don't remember the last time he made me feel good about ANYTHING.

This is not a marriage anymore. I feel like I've been captured and I can't escape.

It's like he fully understands but does not care at all.

Right now he is going off about something about soap and his RODI water… I don't even know and I don't care. It is always something.

I can't live on edge anymore. I can't live wondering when the next time he will get pissed off at me again… I can't do this.