Hello,

So TONS of shit has happened since the last time I wrote anything here. As you can see from the title, I'm now living in Mountain Standard Time. I am working at Walmart as an overnight cashier/stocker and I am in Arizona living in our first apartment with my husband.

Josh finished basic. It was tough for him as he was bullied like HELL the whole way through. He even had to sleep on the same floor as his bullies instead of on the floor with his friends like David Hively. I have since met Hively and he is a great guy. I get along with him really well and he is super weird like Josh and I. I am glad that Josh has him as a good friend. I hope we get stationed around with Hively and his wife at least a few times. That is unless Josh decides to get out.

See, the thing is, AIT is not agreeing with Josh. Specifically the AIT for this particular MOS (15W). He is having a hard time with all of the rules they have in place due to his immaturity. He finds it unfair and wants to quit anytime he gets yelled at by a drill sergeant (still have a hard time spelling sergeant). He thinks they are the devil and so by extension he wants me to hate them, too. It bothers him VERY MUCH that I can understand their point of view and can sometimes agree with them. For him, it is almost a topic worth causing a huge fight over. So, I gave in and told him that I majorly dislike them. I don't… but he doesn't have to know that. For now, all he needs to think is that I dislike them at least moderately the same as he does and that I understand him. I do. I get why he dislikes them. Some are complete assholes like DS Arsenault was (he left, thank god). Recently (like 2 weeks ago) the Captain of his Battalion (or was it barracks? Not sure…) was running with them on PT. Josh has had a cold that consisted of A LOT of snot building up down his throat, esp. overnight and this would mean a lot of coughing/blowing his nose/throwing up snot in the mornings. Well, on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays he has running PT where they run anywhere between 2 miles and 4 miles within 90 minutes at 4am. This was a Wednesday that the Captain was running with them. Josh stopped to throw up the snot, walk for 30 seconds and then go back to running. He told me he was in the pack of people and not falling behind at all. I believe him. Anyway, that's what they taught them to do at basic, stop, throw up, catch your breath for up to 30 seconds, and then continue running and repeat the process. He did that yet the Captain stopped him and took his name and told him he had after school PT for the foreseeable future. He was super upset by this and I get why. It was so stupid. He did what he was taught, exactly as he was taught, yet got yelled at about it. Luckily, this PT only lasted Thursday and Friday because on Friday or Monday (I can't remember which) he failed the first test of his second class (USG) and was told he has after school study hall instead for the foreseeable future. Though Josh admits this class is harder than the last, he is also upset that he has to go to study hall because that is time away from me. I keep telling him that this is a good thing but he is so distracted by me he can't see that. He keeps focusing on when he can see me, what he is going to talk to me about, etc. etc. that he isn't focusing as much in school.

Well, I had a talk with him about that a few days ago so I hope this all changes. So far his attitude about everything has been less complainy/depressing and more upbeat and positive, which is good. We will see how it is in the future though. Idk how long lasting this is going to be before I have to have yet another talk with him.

Enough talking about AIT though. Living in our own apartment (basically mine because until Josh phases up he shouldn't be coming here; though he does on weekends only) is nice. I love being able to be as loud as I want during sex as well as controlling every aspect of the apartment. The complex is nice and so is the city. I haven't met one mean person here yet. Not even working at Walmart. I am iffy with one of my managers, Martha, but I think she is just very outspoken and assuming with her personality so we probably just don't mesh as well. Everyone else has been nice.

Yesterday was especially good. I felt like I was falling back in love with my husband, not that I ever fell out of it, but I guess you could say I was falling further and further into love. I cooked him ribs which ended up being burnt but he ate anyway and he cooked me garlic mashed potatoes (ew but I ate most anyway) and I made corn. I had to go to the store for salt and pepper as well as a measuring cup for liquids. I forgot my rings at home and was talking to one of my coworkers whom I find attractive. I still look and imagine but I never touch. Anyway, I talked to him for a bit and nothing got flirtatious or anything. We only talked about work and how he has 2 jobs. It was a 2 minute conversation but it got me feeling guilty so I came home and plopped the biggest smooch I could get on Josh. He asked why and I lied and said "Because I love you" and hugged him. I guess that wasn't entirely a lie but that wasn't why I kissed him. I kissed him because I wanted/needed a quick reminder of what I have to lose if I were to go for any guy that isn't him. I wanted to remember why dating sucks so much and why I am SO FUCKING HAPPY I don't have to date anymore. He doesn't need to know ANY of that though. It doesn't matter why. What matters is I love him so much I would do anything for him.

Also found out that he can't have sex on consecutive days. He gets hard but tired quick when he tries. Hahaha. He blamed it on his cold/allergies but I think it is because he just can't do it on consecutive days… which is fine. It is labor day weekend so he has 3 days off so I am taking advantage sexually. I am making up for BCT and all the sex/kisses/hugs/cuddles we couldn't have. Plus, adding some to the bank for when he deploys, if he stays in. I am just making the most of our time together while we can physically see each other. After all, this is 100,000,000,000x better than BCT was.

Well, I don't have much more to write. I would say it is late but I need to stay up until 9:30/10am regardless to take Josh to get his hair cut, possibly get a binder (unless he takes one of mine), and then bring him to the apartment where he will study for his test tomorrow (I hope he passes!) and I will take a 2-4 hour nap. Then we will get together, study, and then get the cuddles and sex for the bank. <3

Anyway, I'm going to go play The Sims now. I have a super sim challenge I'm doing. Once that is done, I'm going to turn it into the 100 baby challenge. So the last aspirations I'm doing in the game are ones about family. Let's see if I can even get that far. Good luck to me!

Tata for now!

~ Erin Nicole Skidds (still love that new last name!)

Sept. 2nd, 2019

9/2/19

5:35am