Hello,

So, I wanted to update you on what happened today. Josh was talking to me about the article and everything. He went to JAG and they referred him to EO the DS. He wasn't sure if he should so he was talking to me on Facetime. I told him I couldn't tell him what to do and he was so stressed out and depressed that he was talking about having suicidal thoughts. Well, one of the DS was standing outside and heard and after a few minutes he heard a knock on the door. Josh said "one minute" as he thought someone had to use the bathroom. He left and EVERY SINGLE DS was lined up outside the door. He was like wtf. They took him to see the commander. Commander told him not to worry about the sworn statements and the article 15. He said that it was a disagreement between two people and nothing is going to happen with it. (WOO!)

They also said that he had to go to mental health because they heard that. It is protocol. Bliss (the hospital on base) was closed (at least the mental health portion anyway) so they took him to Canyon Health, the hospital off base and 5 min (max) away. He was there for 3 hours before being told they are keeping him overnight (or more) and they took his phone. They took it about 20 minutes ago. I only know this because his phone is offline via Find My Phone and has been for an hour. So, I guess his last message from 22 minutes ago was from his watch which is still online and staying at 41% as of less than a minute ago.

I miss him so much already. I feel like this is him leaving for basic all over again. I know it is only 24 hours and I know I can call to see if I can see him tomorrow and I will be able to talk to him around 9pm tomorrow (hopefully) but I am so upset.

My mom thinks I'm being ridiculous but I am so in love and I am so happy with him. I know he is safe (probably safer there than at the barracks) and I know they will take care of him and he should be happier to see me tomorrow but this is so hard. I'm not going to be able to touch my husband until 5pm on Thursday. It is Tuesday. I hate this so much. So goddamned much. I know he is crying too because I know he loves me just as much as (if not more than) I love him. I am so happy I get to spend the rest of my life with him and our future kids. I can't wait for that but for now it is SO GODDAMNED HARD.

Well, I'm going to try to go to sleep. I'm not even tired but I can't stay in the living room right now because I'm using his computer and I can't use his TV or anything. I have to push him away from me so I can cope and that isn't healthy. Now I have to go on base tomorrow morning to talk to Marianne knowing he is closer to the apartment than he is to the base and I can't even see him. I will be okay after talking to her but for now this is hard.

Signing off…
Erin Skidds
02/04/20
Feb 4th, 2020
9:07pm