Hello,

I wish I weren't awake right now. All I want to do is sleep! I can't because I have been working out everyday I work for the last week and now I’m getting "more efficient" sleep & therefore I'm only sleeping for about 6 hours. I go to sleep @ 2am & wake up @ 8-9am. Ugh. I feel like I should be tired but I'm not.

I may be applying to the Apple Store here soon. I saw one of my old Best Buy Mobile employees there yesterday (guess why I was there?) and she told me she was going to refer me and that they were hiring. Honestly, the job seemed too good to be true so I’m not sure if I would get it. She said they were so laid back that we could wear shorts & flip flops to work. Also, no blackout days during the holidays. This job would be AMAZING! I could actually see my parents for the holidays! I definitely wouldn't get hired until 2018 (January) but either way as long as there is a light @ the end of the tunnel I will be so happy! <3 I'm sure there are some downfalls like no sitting ever & having to use apple products but I can look past those =]

I mainly started writing this because I can't decide b/ween my phones. I have the Pixel 1 XL, Pixel 2 XL, Note 8 & iPhone 8+. I have to decide if I want to keep the 2XL & 8+. If I keep the 2XL I have to trade-in my 1XL which is fine but the screen on the 2XL is crap so I think I want to return it. I only have 2 more days to decide. I think I will return it & its cases today b/c that frees up CC debt for my 8+. I have it on 18(will be 24 when I get to work) month financing on my BB card & I can afford it but that is another $1400 b/ween it and my apple watch. Also, with deciding on that I have to decide on my T-Mobile lines. I have 5 lines b/ween my 2 watches (gear s3 LTE) 2 phones (2XL rebate) & sync up drive (tracks my car). It adds up to be about $140. IT is a crazy amount of $ to spend every month. I"ve just been going out of control w/everything lately. I don't understand. WHY it matters so much to me what phone I use. In the bigger picture, it doesn't matter. In life, it is just a tangible thing. It doesn't matter-but it does? Why? That's ultimately what I need to figure out. Hopefully, when I do figure that out I get some clarity & This madness ends. It's been going on for 4 years now & I'm ready for it to end…NOW. I've decided to make yet another list but this time I'm going to leave OS features & hardware out of it. BTW, I'm not getting rid of the Note8 regardless b/c I love that phone. It is an amazing phone. This is going to be a list for Note 8 vs iPhone 8:

| Note 8        | iPhone 8+                          |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| Speed         | Maybe need it for job              |
| Customization | Apple Support                      |
| Screen        | Peer pressure (Kiely)              |
| Battery Life  | iMessage/Reliability               |
|               | Apple Watch + Airpods (continuity) |
|               | Want to like it                    |

Also a list to keep both vs Return iPhone:

| Pro               | Con                                   | Pro                     | Con                |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | ------------------ |
| No more purchases | $$/CC Debt                            | $$/CC Debt              | May purchase AGAIN |
|                   | Harder decision on watch line via TMO | No more switching       |                    |
|                   | Texts everywhere                      | Can keep the 2XL easier |                    |

Wow… w/this last list ^^ Why DON'T I return the iPhone? Is peer pressure really that bad? If so, why am I this susceptible to peer pressure? Kiely isn't eve na good friend so why does he liking me mean so much to me? It shouldn't but it does. I think I am going to mostly use my Note8 but I am going to keep my iPhone for those rainy dais where I care about peer pressure. Same with my watch but I am going to cancel the line on it so I'm not wasting $10/month. I think I decided on this:

1. Cancel sync up drive line
2. Cancel 2XL line
3. Return 2XL
4. Cancel apple watch & gear S3 lines

In total this will save me about $50/mo and $1k of CC Debt.

This would drop my TMO bill from $130-140/month to $33.33 (line) + $30 (note) + $16 (gear s3) = $79/month which is A LOT more affordable & means I CAN afford to keep both iPhone 8+ & Note8.

Part of me still wants the 2XL though because of stock android & front facing speakers. I CAN keep the 2XL as long as I get approved for the $325 credit though I don't need the 2XL because I have the 1XL still. I just don't like the 1XL b/c of screen size & speaker placement which makes no sense b/c it is the same as the iPhone.

Idk, part of me is staying w/the idea of returning the iPhone AGAIN & going back to Android only universe so everything is simpler. NO deciding, no complication, just doing the 2XL rebate & trade-in & keeping the Note8. BUT I have to NOT get the iPhone again IN MY LIFETIME if I return it this time. I'm just not sure I can do that. I want to like the iPhone, don't get me wrong, but I just don't. It isn't my thing. I guess it is wanting to like it & Peer pressure that gets me to switch over. I think w/this I've decided to switch to the Note & 2XL again & keep it that way. I'm gonna have to go to Regency to this return b/c I’m fake banned @ my store. Meaning my managers would be so pissed @ me if I did ANOTHER return on an iPhone @ my store. Ugh. This means driving out of my way but it is to save $1400. Oh well! This is all for now!

~Erin Motyka
11/9/17
10:37am
November 9th, 2017