# 2017-11-02

Hello :)

I am @ work right now. I work in the phone hub @ Best Buy. Basically, it is a "call center" made up of Best Buy employees that the managers couldn't care less about. Right now it is me, Anthony ("Smiles"), Julian & Precious. We are all dedicated employees (except Smiles) but they don't pay us crap. I make the most out of all of us & I make $12.87/hr full time w/$100 month coming out for healthcare. This will be my first time seeing a doctor NOT on base. Adulting is hard!

Anyway, all the new O/S part-timers are starting & they are making anywhere from $11-12.50/hr. So, there is only $0.37 b/ween me and that/those PT(s). So annoying! I almost couldn't sleep last night b/c I was so pissed off about it. I called mommy though & she said that this happens a lot even in other businesses & that helped me then & now.  Just knowing it isn't just me/BBY helps a lot. There are a lot of things that ZBBY does that piss me off & this is one of them but I have an "after holiday" goal of leaving BBY & finding a job in my field. I figure it will be too hard during/Before the holidays so that's why I am gonna look but not have my hopes up.

I just got a membership @ Planet Fitness. I'm going tonight after work (9pm) & I plan to stay til 10:30-11pm. We will see how it goes. I plan to go every day after work including Black Thursday/Friday & Especially Cyber Monday =\] I'll keep you updated to see if I do in fact do this. I like talking to you. You don't interrupt me or judge me.

Going back to yesterday, I was going to talk about my binge eating. I have horrible issues with it & I am finally admitting it to the world. It sucks having to deal w/this. It is hard but I let myself get to this point & I need to own up to it. I did this. No one else. I have to fix this. I am starting tonight w/exercise & next week w/food. It is going to be hard but I KNOW I can do this. The world is NOT going to end b/c I don't have that candy or chips. I will be OK.

The next thing I wanted to talk about is how I have 0 friends anymore. I used to have a few but no one texts me unless I text them & I think that is why I held onto Trip for SO long. I was scared of being alone but this is nice not having to answer to anyone. I like working on myself & being alone. It is nice doing my own thing.

I have been reading over the bill of rights more lately & It is really helping. I hope it keeps helping =|

I'm on pg 39 of this journal right now.T hat is crazy! I can't believe I have been writing in here off & on since 2013 & for almost 40 pages! This is the longest I've kept any diary & written in it. It is nice having an outlet for things no one else wants to hear. =\]

My depression is lower today. I'm happier than I have been for a while & I'm getting back into Hostwish Hosting & my blog is back up. SO many good things that I have to focus on!

Well, that's all for now. Love you! <3

~ Erin Motyka 8:22pm 11/2/17 November 2nd, 2017