---
tags: 
aliases:
---
# Journal

Imported from Apple Notes but previously from Obsidian.

Left off...
- Going to start customer lookup (both versions) tomorrow. Finishing off the work day by writing up my first blog.
- Thought I added the `data-cy` to all of the links in `customerlookup.cshtml` but they aren’t there. I have to find the file where they are actually located.
-      Got a lot on my plate today.

 Josh is doing the litter boxes though and while the dishes need to be done, most can go in the dishwasher so I just have to empty it and refill it.

Moved all of my daily notes to Apple Notes from UpNote for privacy. While these are not E2E encrypted unless they are locked, I still prefer them being here rather than on UpNote’s servers.

Tried to update the 2/25 note but it doesn’t allow you to add links. Now I have to decide if I value privacy OR features. I hate that.

Can’t even have block quotes in Apple Notes, wtf. Why are these weird things lacking?? Sync between my iPad and Laptop is pretty fast though. Takes like 1 min to load on my laptop when I am typing on my iPad.

Let me do a pros/cons list…

- [ ] Need to get images from Apple Notes #todo
---
Unsure if this is later on or what... but there were 2 for this day...

---
Imported from Apple Notes but originally from Obsidian.

I wish my husband was more understanding. I realize I complain about the same things all the time and it can be annoying to hear them, that just means they matter most to me.

We went to the store after starting the laundry and Josh wanted me to get another bra or two or 3 and I tried on 1 and got overwhelmed because traffic was horrible on the way there and he was being an ass and talking about how he wanted to kill people and I was trying to be calm and it was bad.

So he sent me to the car and he grabbed the laundry detergent since I couldn’t find a bra and looked for more of the ones I already had but couldn’t find them and didn’t want to talk to anyone.

He got frustrated and almost ran over on the way to Whole Foods.

On the way home from there he just gave me TONS of attitude. I kept asking him nicely to stop, telling him I was overwhelmed but he wouldn’t.

After he did the laundry he almost broke the car. Now I am parked in the parking lot thinking about killing myself by not leaving the car and he is inside doing who knows what.

He stormed inside.

I am so sad. I am so overwhelmed. I am so done with being fat and disgusting inside and out. I try so hard but it is never enough. Nothing is ever enough. Idk what to do anymore so I’m just sitting in this hot car crying not wanting to move, hoping I pass out soon. Half because I want revenge on Josh and half because I am so depressed and he doesn’t care. He seems to care sometimes but never when I need him to.

I just wish he would support me like I support him.