---
tags: 
aliases: 
banner: "[[palworld_banner.png]]"
banner_icon: 😟
---
# Journal
10pm: I set this banner to the palworld one cause we have been obsessed with it. We went to the zoo today and it was fun. Stopped at Buccees on the way. Love going there.
On another note, I learned something about Obsidian/Text Expander today. Let me just copy and paste what I posted in discord and the responses...

> [!info-lightb]- Text Expander Stuffs
>> [!info-lightg]- Erin
>> If I use `.obsidian` for my Macbook, `.obsidianpc` for my Windows PC, `.obsidianios` for my iPhone and `.obsidianipad` for my iPad and sync via Github. Will Omnisearch and it's OCR caching still work on my iPhone and iPad? Or do they need to use the same `.obsidian` directory?
>> >[!info-lightb]- Roam
>> >From the Text Extractor github, this indicates that it gets stored to that devices specific config folder, therefore since the ones you're using on mobile are separate from the desktop one, it wouldn't get synced
>> >You could probably just copy that file over to the other config folders, but obviously the drawback being that it wouldn't auto-update as you add/index new files
>> >You might be able to set up some script on your desktop to copy that file over to the others, but that's out of the scope of obsidian/plugins
>> >>[!info-lighty]- Cache & Sync
>> >>The plugin caches the extracted texts as local small .json files inside the plugin directory. Those files can be synced between your devices. Since text extraction does not work on mobile, the plugin will use the synced cached texts if available. If not, an empty string will be returned.


So I have to figure out what I want to do as far as syncing to my other devices. I have a few options...

## Options for Syncing
### Keep everything the same with what I have now....
#### 2TB SSD Main Vault + GH & Working Copy for Backup & Sync
This is already set up and I don't have to worry about losing my files cause GH works as a backup AND sync solution. It is the best option though I have zero clue how to change my repo to an LFS repo which would give me an unlimited file size.
### Obsidian Sync
| Pros | Cons |
| ---- | ---- |
| Easy and "just works" | $50/year that I have to hide from Josh |
| Really fast - don't have to remember to commit/push. | Putting the same thing again ^^ cause it is that important. |
| Bigger files get uploaded and synced (200mb) | Doesn't backup files - could lose files easily. |
| Easier to sync plugins and everything between while keeping settings separate |  |
|  |  |
### GitHub

| Pros | Cons |
| ---- | ---- |
| Free and never have to hide anything from Josh | Only 100mb sized files or smaller get uploaded and synced unless I set up github lfs and I have zero clue how to do that. |
| Putting ^^ twice cause it is that important | Harder to sync plugins and such between devices while also keeping settings separate. |
| Works as a backup AND sync solution. | I have to remember to commit AND push. |

### Syncthing

| Pros | Cons |
| ---- | ---- |
| Same 2 as GH | Have to keep 2 devices online to get sync to work. So phone and tablet need to be online to sync between them and desktop and phone have to be active to sync between them... more difficult |
| Same 2 as GH | Never set up before so difficult to set up |
| No limit on sized files | Same issue as GH where it is harder to sync plugins and such while keeping settings separate. |
|  | Doesn't backup files - could lose files easily. |

## Mental Weighdowns
I am being mentally weighed down because I am emotionally cheating on Josh with Josh Queen, he is a guy that I *barely* know that works in our apartment complex's office. I mean it has gone so far that last night, I dreamt that Josh & I got a divorce and after 2 months, I asked Queen (that's what I'll call him) out and he said yes and we were seeing each other and when we had our first kiss (which happened after we were living together - which was after our first date 🤣) his lip quivered like he wanted more and he was super attracted to me.

At first I thought it was all because I didn't feel wanted by Josh but I realized in the shower that it is because I am so depressed and emotionally unavailable for Josh right now so I am placing all that elsewhere.

