Hello,

As you can see from the title, I'm back in EST instead of MST. A LOT has happened since February to say the least and NO ONE could have predicted life would be like this.

First, Josh is out of the Army FOR GOOD! FUCK YEAH! His last day was May 8th (or around there) but he got paid until the end of the month. So, thank god. He ended up being in the Mental Hospital for 4 days and when he got out it got worse until he got out of the Army. I'd rather not go into it as it is all behind us and there is no reason to drag it up again. If I forget parts, good riddance.

Second, COVID-19 has been happening since March. It was happening overseas last year (2019) but it didn't come and start impacting the USA until March. I got a job at Popeye's shortly after the last entry here and we had to wear masks. Working at Popeye's on base wasn't that bad as I had the security of being on a military base while also the ability to have a job during this crazy time. I felt blessed and people there weren't too bad. There was a bit of drama but nothing worse than Woodforest. -rolls eyes-

Third, Trip texted me (facebook messaged me) out of the blue 2 weeks ago. I haven't talked to him in over a year and he asked me how I was doing and what not. I immediately texted him back that I was good but now that josh is out of the army I don't want to talk to him anymore. I showed Josh the text and he freaked out (understandably) but was happy that I shut it down and was up-front with him. I still can't believe he had the balls to do that.

Fourth, after josh got out from the hospital, we got a cat, Morgan. She was a stray and we turned her into a lap cat. She is so happy and just everything I've always wanted in a cat. We love her so much.

Going back to the second point, COVID is a mess. Everyone has to wear masks when we leave the house and it is devastating the world. It sucks and I hate it.

Fifth, I still don't have a job in the IT field. I'm not sure what is going on as my portfolio has been going under tons of revisions and still nothing. I have updated my resume as well. No one wants to hire me. So, I'm getting whatever full time job I can so I have healthcare and hopefully I can get a job with Robyn as her employer is hiring. If not, we will figure out what we can do and how we can reliably move out to an apartment here in Jacksonville. It is stressful but nothing is as bad as the Army was. We can handle this.

Well, that's all I have to say. I can't wait for my next chapter with Joshua. <3

Love ya!

Erin Skidds

7:19pm EST

08/11/2020

August 11, 2020