Hello,

It has been almost a YEAR since I worte in here. That is INSANE! I knew it had been a while but a YEAR?!?!?! WOW!!! Time flies when you are FINALLY living out your life. <3

So, what has happened in the last year? A LOT! Since I watched that Demi Documentary I have been seeing or chatting w/a therapist via betterhelp.com Her name was Jenna Rosenfield. She is the most amazing therapist I have & will have ever met. We clicked & she gets me so well! <3 I stopped seeing her this month as I wasn't talking to her but every 2-3 weeks anyway & it was something like $200/mo to see her. Crazy but worth it! She helped me come out of my shell and become the worman I am today w/a loving boyfriend. That's right! After six LONG and stressful years it has happened! Someone amazing has stolen my heart! His name is Joshua Skidds & while Skidds is a horrid last name he is an amazing person. He is breaking down my walls and is making me want to be a better person in all the best ways. I love him so much and it will be a month tomorrow, yay!

One thing I worry about, though, is that when we are cuddling, I look up @ him sometimes and I see Dante. I hate it & writing it makes it more real but it is true. If my eyes haven't adjusted, I see Dante & sometimes when we are having sex, I want to say Dante's name. I'm hoping this is because what we have is strong & so was what I had w/Dante so I'm getting used to those feelings w/someone new. We will see how it all shakes out. I have to head to bed now. Night!

~ Erin Motyka

Dec 18, 18

12-18-18

10:57pm