Hey!

It's been a while since I've written in here. I just haven't had any reason to write in here. Well, now I need to get something off of my chest and this always helps.

What do I feel right now? Depressed, upset, sad, hopeful. I'm upset because I was looking @ pictures of Tessie and thinking about how much I miss her. I can't believe I haven't written about that in here with how upset I have been about it since it happened.

Here is the backstory: Tessie was our 7 year old border collie, chow mutt. We got her from our neighbor in Florida. She was moving (and so were we) and couldn't take her so we did. THANK GOD! Because she was the most amazing dog ever. I hate saying was but that's how it is how is now. :( Anyway, last year around June we noticed she wasn't looking up @ us. She would use her eyes but not her neck/back/shoulders. So we took her to the vet & she was good on her pain medication. This was around the same time we adopted Lane. We think he is an Australian Shephard. Pure breed, idiot sometimes lol! She would play with Lane when she was feeling good so we just thought it was the start to arthritis. She was 7 (turning 8(I think) afterall) so we didn't think much of it. In September, the 23rd (a Tuesday) to be exact, my dad took Tessie to the vet cause she was getting worse. He got more pain pills then let her out of the back seat & the way she landed on the ground hurt her & she wouldn’t (couldn't) get up so my dad picked her up & drove her straight back there & they sent him to a place in Montgomery, AL. They did an MRI & the next day we found out the results. She was positive for Cancer. She had it in her T4 vertebrate. We could have done chemo therapy but she would have been in worse pain & she was paralyzed from the neck down so it would have been more than any of us could handle. So, we put her down. It was the worst day of my life thus far. Nothing compares to it. My mom & I seem to be the only two people in our family still upset by it.

Anyway, I made a memorial post on Facebook for her with ALL of the pictures I could find of her & I was looking @ the pictures today & that upset me.

I also started going to a therapist. My first (overview) appt was this past week on Wednesday (25th) & it really got me thinking. Over these past few sessions I've realized that I've been clinically depressed for as long as I can remember. The last time I was truly happy was with Dante. He, the therapist, said that I can't get Dante off my mind because of that reason. He said we would work on that in more detail in future sessions but for now gave me a piece of paper with 25 "I have the right" statements & over the next 2 weeks, choose 2 a day & say them in the mirror to myself. I've gotten up to #5 thus far & I haven't really been affected (effected?) by them. It is my "Personal Bill of Rights." I can't wait until I actually believe this stuff!

Since the first session I've also realized that I'm bi-sexual. I've known I was bi-curious for a while but it wasn't anything the therapist said (as he only told me to go to the LGBT resource center) but I've just been thinking about it for a while now. I've known for a while that I've found girls attractive but this is more than that. I actually want a relationship with a girl like guys have. Robert said when I get home he would take me to a gay bar as he isn't turn on by that stuff. I know he wouldn't let anyone take advantage of me & he wouldn't take advantage of me either cause he is better than that. He has no idea how happy I am that he is my friend. I actually think I am crushing on him but since he has a girlfriend now I am respecting that.

Anyway, my head hurts & I feel better now. TTYL! ~ Erin Motyka 7:15pm 3/28/15 Jacksonville, FL