Hello <3

It has been wayyy over 2 years since I wrote anything in here. That is crazy. I knew it was a long time but… WOAH! Didn't realize that!

Last time I wrote in here I was living in the UNF dorms & studying to be a teacher. Well, since then I have been through a lot. Let me start w/bullet points:

- Ended things w/Trip 2-3 weeks ago now
- Moved into a house October 2016
- Moved to phone hub in BBY
- Realized I have mild depression, anxiety issues & I binge eat
- Realized Last night I have 0 real friends anymore

Those are the first 5 things that popped into my mind. That is besides the fact that my sister adopted a German Shephard mutt from a rescue named Marli. She is so smart & bull headed like Kaitlyn! <3 I love her sooo much but miss Tessie just as much. I like to pretend Tessie is looking down on me from the stars. When I was in the dorm I moved my bed in front of the window just so I could look outside @ one particular star that I named after her. It helped me cope. She was my rock through my breakup w/Dante & anything else bad that happened. I knew she was there for me and I could lay my head on her stomach & she wouldn't care. I miss that so much but I know she is happier wherever she is. <3

I should also add that I got 4 tattoos since I last wrote in here. I switched from Teaching to IT Management & love it!

With that comes w/the ability to have tattoos. Wherever I want. I got a paw print in Tessie's colors on my ankle and the word "Love" on my wrist & Mickey's head on my left shoulder, on my back & on the outside of my shoulder I got a huge peony surrounded by Ariel's flowers. I love them all but part of me thinks I got them as a way of cutting myself. Around the time I wrote in here last I also learned I was using Nikki to cut myself cause I couldn't do it to myself. I was able to stop because my manager @ work noticed & told me "Pain is inevitable, Suffering is optional." He has no idea how much I needed someone to notice what I was doing & how much I was hurting. He has no idea how much I appreciate his helpfulness as a person even it was just a saying or scaring me to get me to pay attention to my surroundings more. I wish I could tell him but that would be unprofessional & I hope he knows even without me saying anything.

Back to the list, my mom bought a nice 4 bed/2 bath house in FL that Kaitlyn & I are living in. It took forever to close on the house but I'm glad we did. It was worth it.

I finally broke it off w/Trip after 6 years. I'm glad I did. I will never regret it because I violated TONS of my morals for what? Sex that wasn't even that good? A guy? Nothing…I liked him & valued that friendship but I didn't value Jessica enough to stop sexting w/her husband. I ended it because now she is pregnant & I realized that what we had was really bad & not going anywhere. It sucks & I am going through a breakup but because of the last one-Dante-I know that I can make it through whatever life throws @ me as long as I have my family by my side. <3 I hate that I was emotionally & sexually involved with a married man. I feel so dirty & disgusting b/c of it.

Speaking of, I got "almost raped" about 3-4 (5-6 maybe?) months ago. By that I mean I was involved w/this guy ended it and then ended up texting him again a year later & I didn't make myself clear that we weren't fooling around anymore & he ended up having sex w/me. I didn't say no but I felt so disgusting that when we were done my sister faked an illness & I went home crying @ like midnight or 1am. This was horrible but I got through it.

I started a YouTube Channel recently. IT is just DudeThatsErin but I love that name so I'm going to keep it. I'm posting Vlogs & videos about tech. Lately I've been switching b/ween the i8+ and Pixel 2 XL & Note8. I've finally decided to keep the Note8 & Pixel 2 XL. I'm so happy I did, too. I think I'm finally @ a point where I don't switch phones every 2 seconds. WOO HOO!

Well, I can't think of anything else to say & I feel better now! My sister came in to visit during this & we had a nice talk. I love her so much <3 I miss my family & every year I spend @ BBY w/out them for the holidays kills me a little inside. I have to make money though & they understand. I wish I was lucky enough to get to go home for xmas & New Year's. :'( Oh well… Another year of crying to look forward to. Ugh. Idk what else I can do though.

~ Erin Motyka
12:30am
10/31/2017
October 31, 2017