Hello(:

I know it has been several months since I have written in here but that is because I didn't feel the need until now. A LOT has happened since November.

First, I got fired on 2/28/2014@10:30am EST. I came in for a 10:30am-7:30pm shift (Friday) and Tommy was there with Ty & Chris. I came in early like always, and as soon as Tommy and Ty had free time they fired me. Why? I made a mistake that happens all of the time but I'm white & have too much of a mind of my own. Whatever. Filed unemployment the same day & I am still waiting to hear back.

Second on 3/4/14 @ 8:34pm Trip admitted to previously having feelings for me during the whole incident that happened in April/May 2013 that I wrote about on the 1st page. BUT during the whole convo it became apparent to me that they never went away. There is a problem though… he got engaged on Dec 31st, 2013. So, it isn't easy for me right now. I am writing this right now b/c I want to see if I can decide on whether or not to trust him after he cheated on his now-fiancé with me. I mean if he did it once he can do it again. Even Will is having issues not cheating on his gf w/me he told me straight up. Let me think of this another way… if Kaitlyn were crushing on a guy that cheated on his gf w/another girl… What would I tell her? Simple, don't do it. Why? I don't want her to get hurt. Why can't I take my own advice? Feelings. I am prolly only crushing b/c he is unavailable anyway..I mean I met him only right after Dante & I broke up but I have had feelings for him since I laid eyes on him. With that said anyone can change if they want to but that's the thing… they have to want to change. I know I can't change anyone & I don't want to force him to change but I know he needs to. He  supposedly knows he needs to as well.

Saying that, if I do give him a chance I will def need ALL his usernames/passwords as well as random access to his phone's text messages & I will need him to be brutaly honest w/me. I will also need to grow a backbone w/my family cause they won't like this @ all.

If he doesn't choose me/I say no, I will be stuck in the same place I am now except w/a friend that I can almost never see b/c we can't be alone together. I am not sure I want that…

Overall, I am worried that he doesn't actually like me. He just wanted me when he was unavailable. I am going to ask him but I am unsure of how to bring it up to him. I already IM'd him w/no reply. He hasn't even looked at it yet.

Well, I am not sure I can decide on anything until I talk to him. I will do that tomorrow sometime.

I think it is fairer to him if he knows all of my concerns from Day 1 as well as how fast and hard I fell for him. I'll update this eventually w/how I feel about what he says soon!

~ Erin Motyka

3/5/2014

March 5th, 2014

11:35pm