N = dealbreakers

Hello!

Here goes the battle again; While I love each of these phones I can't seem to find one to love more than the other.

I am on vacation until Black Friday!!! EXCITED!!!

Let's do this comparison in a different way. Whichever wins the most out of the categories I list will be my daily driver.

Storage
The S4 wins
	Reasons:
		MicroSD Card Slot (automatically save pics/vids)
		Can delete bloatware
The iPhone loses
	Reasons:
		Pictures/vids take up space & hard to delete them off
		Spotify takes up tons of space
Customizability
S4 wins
	Reasons:
		Custom ROMs/Rooting
		Default Apps
		Free ringtones, wallpapers, notification sounds, etc.
iPhone loses
	Reasons:
		None of anything listed under S4
Multi-Tasking
iPhone loses
	Reasons:
		While it is easy to switch from one app to another, only one app can run at a time.
S4 wins
	Reasons:
		All apps can run in the bg
		Easy close all apps @ once
		Can have two apps running on screen @ same time
Service
iPhone wins
	Reasons:
		Service is better everywhere; especially @ home & Autauga Academy
S4 loses
	Reasons:
		While there is Wifi calling service for texts is worse. No bars @ home but TMO on Not. Bar.
Text Messaging/Syncing with iPad
This is a tie. iMeessage is awesome!
iPhone wins
	Reasons:
		Easy to text (keyboard), phone figures out which is iMessage/text
		Doesn't sync text message to iPad though
S4 wins
	Reasons:
		MySMS syncs everything to iPad
		All texts no "iMessage"
Battery Life
This is a tie.
	Reasons:
		Both die after 1 day with good/heavy usage.
Use for my websites
The S4 Wins
	Reasons:
		More on page when reading
		Multi-tasking
		Instant messaging constantly runs
iPhone could win but lost
	Reasons:
		Good for reading outside
		iMessage for hostees/friends
If I use the iPhone what will I miss or like?
Miss:
	Screen Size
	Multi-Tasking
	Storage
	Camera
	Wifi Calling
	Default Apps
	Customization
Like:
	No bugs
	iMessage
	Colors
^ vs using my S4
Like:
	Better for texting
	Better for watching videos
	Multi-Tasking
Miss:
	iMessage
	No Bugs
	Colors
	No LED Notification
	Smaller size better for pockets/purses


S4 won but I want iMessage! So back to my iPhone I go! Lalala
~ Erin Motyka
Sunday 7:06pm
11/17/13