# Monday, August 5th, 2013 1105p CDT

Hello, My name is Erin Nicole Motyka. I am 20 years young. I am currently single and have been since August 17th, 2012 when I broke up with my first love, Dante Alexander Jackson. Ever since that breakup I am in a really bad place in my life. I am happy sometimes but most of the time I am upset, depressed, and just not happy.

I work at Woodforest National Bank and have been since November 5th, 2012. While working there I met Christopher Colin Cherry aka Trip (since he is the 3rd Christopher Cherry). I developed a "small" crush on him and everyone he knows found out. That is soooooooo embarrassing. Well, we have sent nude pictures & videos to each other. After getting to know each other really well & working 60-80 hours a week after Jennifer Bell left. It was just the two of us and we were friends. I say "were" because after the pictures and videos he always wanted more and did not seem to feel the same way about me as I did him. Granted, he had Jessica, his girlfriend. She is batshit crazy. She called me after she found out about everything & bitched me out. I am STILL upset over that and that was about a week ago. I just want to tell him so badly that I don't consider us friends anymore and that he is petty for blocking my number and telling me "my mom added something weird to my plan." I believed that bullshit at first like I always do but now I know that he is lying. The fact that he is lying to me hurts even more. I just hate it so much.

Writing this helped me feel A LOT better but because of thatat I have to get rid of my websites. The sites I have had since 2000/2001. I hate it already but there is nothing I can do. So, I am giving them & him up for good.

Talking about giving things up, I am going to give up talking to Dante. I was having sex with him for about 4-6 months after we broke up (after 2 years and 9 months) & have been talking to him ever since. I have to stop because he is soooooo selfish & immature. I loved him though. I miss how happy I was with him. I miss being happy in general.

While writing this I am on Episode 390 of Pokemon. I think I am becoming obsessed with this show because it is all I watch EVER, literally I don't mind I just wish I had more than just Yumi Stephens aka Elmo as a friend. I have Elizabeth, too, but she doesn't live near me right now so I can't hang out with her. Elmo leaves in 5 days so I am trying to spend most of them with her because after that my "rut depression" will kick in & I will be using my cat to cut myself as well as crying for, what people who don't know all of this think is, no reason. I cry & get depressed because I hate my body, I have NO LIFE whatsoever, I have no (or not many) REAL friends (Robert is mehh. Not sure if he is a good friend but I highly doubt it & Will is out of the picture now that we slept together) & I have no hobbies. Right now I am sitting on my-almost-2 month old queen bed w/my lappy listening to Kaitlyn's TV in the living room, Meagan's radio & my mom's TV. I am about to start crying because I am so stressed out due to moving, my life, not knowing how I will get my 18 hours of work study in w/working full-time as well as feeling like all my coworkers will abandon me once Trip does get an Assistant Branch Manager position somewhere. Whether it be Eastern or Millbrook, he will end up getting an ABM position somewhere & Ty (my manager) & Wanakee (coworker) both said they would leave if Tommy (our regional manager) takes Trip & staffs him elsewhere before he staffs us. Ty is rich so she doesn't need the job & Wanakee will make sure she has another one before she leaves. EVERYONE I tell doesn't believe me that they will leave but I know in my gut they will leave & it hasn't steered me wrong yet, so why not believe it?

All of this just upsets me to no end. I can't write enough about how I hate my life. I realize there are worse lives out there but I am not living those lives. I am living my life & right now it seems to suck.

There are no "adult" themed clubs or activities near me & I can't go to school until I m ove on January 2nd, 2014 so I am really, REALLY stuck w/myself & destructive thoughts. I am being strong for Meagan though. I love her too much for her to see me sad. Then I know my parents hate seeing me this way so it makes me sadder & it is just an endless circle. I have to get my mind off of it somehow but I have NO CLUE as to how besides working my life away but we aren't allowed overtime anymore so I am stuck with 40 hours & while I love my off days sometimes I also wish I was working because I need the $ for when I move out. All-in-All, I just wish I knew how to love myself! Once I move I know I will be fine but what is a girl to do for the next 4-5 months until then? Question of the night.

Going to sleep, shower, etc. on that note. BYE!

~ Erin Motyka 12:10a on 8/6/13 Tuesday