Hello,

I'm happy that I am finally old enough to drink now but I just don't want to. Found out I'm not a gambler on my birthday when my mom, dad, and I visited a casino. BORING! I lost all $40 of my money but my mom gave me $20 of the almost $200 (if not another $200) my parents won.

It has been nice with Lane. Although he is crazy about his loving and loves to poop all over the house. I like having something or someone new in the house, it is nice.

Just deleted my Facebook again. I am trying to stop talking to Trip b/c my crush is getting out of control. So, I'm done w/him & woodforest & that part of my life completely now. I'm even more bored than ever but I fill my time w/posting on forums for money. Can't wait to finish that 500 posts for LuckyAha.com I'll get paid $35 which is enough to run my forum for 1 month. Yay!

I'm stressing out righ tnow because of work. I finally started my job w/ATT LivePerson Chat. We have these "Star Ratings" where they tell you how well you are doing as far as orders. Commitment adherence and that stuff, I don't know what to do. Someone else in my class has a 3 star rating & is able to work the hours I want to work. I'm thinking about applying to work @ Publix b/c it is a guaranteed job in FL & I can't even show up for a "Getting to  know you" session w/my manager or QAPF. Maybe I'm not cut out for this job. IDK. I just know that I want to work more but can't. I need to learn how to handle stress b/c I am tearing up now b/c I am so depressed, lonely, stressed, upset & pissed @ myself to esp b/c I pulled a muscle & now it hurts to work. I HATE THIS. I feel like a failure b/c I can't keep a fucking job between BB, my first one, Sears, Woodforest, and now this one. I can't call my mom & talk to her either b/c she will take what I say too seriously & end up yelling @ me. I'd go and apply @ Publix right now but  you have to have the right vibe and I don't have it right now & Kaitlyn would be mad @ me. Why? IDK.

I just know that I hate my life right now. It is not what I want. Please kill me.

BYE!

~ Erin Motyka

June 10, 2014

6/10/14

5:34pm