Hi(:

So, that very next day I messaged him (after he messaged me first) "What did you decide to do?" asking him about games, etc. He replied "I decided on marriage" or something like that. So, I congratulated him. After telling him on the 5th that we would always be friends, no matter what he decided that it wasn't fair to Jessica that we be friends b/c I was hurt and even though I knew in my gut he would choose her I still felt like he could've chosen me & that I felt worthless like I had w/the breakup w/Dante. Lucky this time I had Nikki. She helped me a lot.

He ended up giving me about a week & then he messaged me again asking if we were still not talking & saying "You said we would always be friends & then we stop talking." I told him I only remembered saying that after I told him I didn't want to talk anymore. So, now we are friends.

I am realizing how flirtatious he is & I am glad I have him as a true friend. If I haven't scared him off yet he is def a true friend.

When I say messaged, I mean FaceBook Messenger. I am not sure whether or not I should iMessage or Text him (he has an iPhone 5c now) I'm sure he wouldn't mind but I guess I'm just scared…

So, now that all that shit is out of the way I am working on being happy alone. I'm working on being content w/being home alone in my room & not letting it get to me.

I am also working on not talking to Dante. I want to stop but he won't stop texting me… Ugh.

I am, lastly, working on stopping those impulsive buys (phones tablets, computers, etc.) Right now I am trying to stop myself from buying either the Nexus 5/6 or the iPhone 6. I am not sure what to do. My mom has most of my money, so that helps. I think I am only contemplating those phones b/c I am unhappy w/my current situation. W/being fired, not going anywhere ever, or doing anything ever. While I LOVE & Cherish this time w/Nikki & my family I really wish I had a life like a "normal" 20/almost 21-year old BUT I don't so I have to make the most of the time I have w/my sister while she is here.

While I am writing this I am playing The Sims 3. It was the only game I could think of to single handidly pass hundreds of hours of time w/out me getting bored & it seems to be working very well.

Well, I think that is all I have to write about today. I am going to try and exercise everyday until we leave for Ohio on Sunday. I am excited. I am staying up there for a while & my mom will pissibly be letting me drive up there. While I won't be alone in the car, having my car in OH is all I could ask for. Afterall, I'll be able to drive home alone. Hehe. I'm clever(:

Anyway, I am going to make you a promise to write in here everyday after I exercise 'Cept for tonight of course.

Well it is time to exercise! Bye!

~Erin Motyka
3.16.14
March 16, 14
Saturday
11:49pm