---
tags: 
aliases:
---
# Journal

- [ ] images missing from this one in OneNote too. Probably in Apple Notes. #todo 

So, today is a sad day and an interesting day. It is also a very busy day outside of work. I have a lot planned.

[img]

Also, yes, decided on Todoist BECAUSE of the sad reason. My iPad's digitizer is broken. I talked to a few people on the r/Apple Discord Server and they stated it sounds like the digitizer inside the screen/device is broken.

[imagesx2]

As you can see it costs as much as a new iPad. This is saddening as we are saving up for 2 new fish tanks (immediate future) and then my eyes (lasik) and then moving to Seattle and so many other things. NONE of this would be an issue if I would have just moved to Seattle back in 2020 from Sierra Vista when we had $17k to spare. My husband may not have the stimming as bad and we would have more than that in savings as I would have started off with a $100k+ job instead of a $60k job and we would be all better off.

I try not to beat myself up about it but anytime money has to do with anything, it is hard NOT to. Especially since my depression is back full force because I have gained back ALL of the weight I lost before the military so it feels like nothing has changed. The US is in a recession or starting to get into one and Tampa is the (or one of the) top cities in terms of inflation. Everything costs more here so $60k means we save about $500-600/mo…. yes that is more than some people our age but I am almost 30! I need to move on with my life.

I'm at work and I am about to cry. I need more money. Josh can't work cause he is in school and can't handle more cause of his Autism and the weed.

I think I'm going to convince him to apply for disability since he can't work as that will help us SO MUCH. Even if only another $500-600/mo… that means we can save $1k-1.2k per month which puts us in a MUCH BETTER situation. I'll talk to him about it again tonight. I am researching it now though. That idea is making me feel so much better.

IF he doesn't go for it though, nothing will change. I don't know what we will do if he doesn't go for it. Eventually we are going to hopefully get his military disability benefits higher as long as that lawyer works for my parents but that won't go into effect (affect?) until next year at the earliest. Because law stuff takes time and we have to pay the guy back first before we even get the winnings so that doesn't help us until after our move regardless of whether it is this year or next year.

My goal is to get a better job by May either with Ken/4LL/current job or with someone else. I want $110k+ to put me where I should have been last year when I started this mess but I'm not sure that Ken will provide that even if I do become a full stack with him and I'm not sure anywhere else in Tampa will provide that either. I won't know until I try though. I'm afraid that I will have to go for $90-100k instead which is more but still not on par with Seattle. My goal is to finally be on par with Seattle. I'm not even sure what the senior devs here make so I can't gauge how much I should ask based off that.

This is all frustrating and I am so overwhelmed and Josh's sleeping habits aren't the same as mine again so I'm waiting for him to wake up so I can talk to him about the disability. I can't talk to my mom about the money because she will blame Josh and it isn't him. She will bring up having him apply for disability which I need to talk to him about anyway… and we are back to where I am now. Plus, I can't involve her any more than I already am.

I did just check with her and she said they are waiting on the VA and that it can take 3-6 months and they just had the appointment on Jan 9th. So by my birthday we should know for them and be able to start on ours which will take another year so 2024/early 2025 sounds about right.

It may require Josh go to a psychologist though and he has NEVER ONCE agreed to that… Okay, not true, ONCE he did BUT he backed out like 2 days later. He doesn't think they help. He thinks inward reflection can do the same thing for himself.

Well, I talked to him and he pointed out that disability would take just as long as the VA stuff so there is no point. The ONLY solution is me getting a better paying job. We need more money. I'm finally getting to the point mentally where Josh has been since 2 months after we moved here.

I'm researching now to see if it is too soon to get a better paying job now or if I need to wait until I hit a year here which is in May.

[img]

Now I just have to finish my C# Discord Bot and decide what kind of positions I will look for. I'm probably going to start applying Monday or Tuesday of next week to give me time to hang out with family and finish the discord bot.

I talked to Josh and he doesn't want me to apply til May so I'm keeping the status quo. Meaning that's what I was going to do anyway so I'll just go back to doing that and working on learning C# and Python. He wants me to apply for a Senior Full Stack Engineer position instead of a Front End position as he worries I'll get fired from a front end position (or laid off but same diff). So, I'm back to status quo of learning both and going to apply in May.

Now, I just need to get back to the more important issue (for me) at hand. What to do with my notes/journals?

OPTIONS-

1. Use UpNote to write the journals up, export and permanently delete the written note, then do the .rar archiving with password protections that I was thinking about last night. Written to the right ->
	1. PROS
		1. Better typing experience, if that is what I am going to be doing for my journals and notes, I want the best typing experience possible.
		2. Code formating
		3. Can export notes as markdown, html, pdf, or txt or screenshot even on my iPhone.
	1. CONS
		1. Have to worry about encrypting notes cause devs have access to pw protected notes so the pw protection means nothing.
		2. Can't do things like have the image to the right of the text like I can in OneNote.
		3. Web Clipper isn't as good.
			1. Though I don't think I'm going to use it much cause I think I'm going to move my read later list to Todoist since I can add notes to tasks and it just overall works better for what I need for my read later.
		4. No drag & drop features for adding anything INTO UpNote.
			1. This is a big one as this is incredibly useful for adding images, files, etc. to notes.

2. Continue using OneNote since I can do things like #1 above and I can dictate and transcribe and it has more features.
	1. PROS
		1. Web Clipper
		2. Can pw protect notes
			1. Each note can have its own pw
			2. they are encrypted at rest (which is all I need for a journal or anything I keep in OneNote). So no need for .rar archiving and re-uploading and finding a way to decrypt on phone if I write something on my phone and need to export.
		3. Can export as word doc, xml as well as a onenote file. (additional export options).
	2. CONS
		1. No Code Formatting

Didn't even need to finish this cause I have decided on UpNote. While it is a pain in the ass to have to export it, I only need to do that when I write new journal entries and there are solutions to pw protect zip files on iOS so it doesn't matter the device.

It is a better solution. Plus the typing experience on it is SO MUCH better than OneNote cause notes look ugly on OneNote but organized and pretty in UpNote.

Well, I need to get started working on my C# bot today so I'm going to go and get all of my tasks moved from Things 3 to Todoist and these journals backed up to 1Password.

I'm feeling a bit better though nothing was resolved. Maybe I am just emotional today. Idk.

BYE <3

Erin Skidds
1/31/23
January 31, 2023
10:57pm EST

P.S. This took me forever to get to this point. Insanity.