Hello,

I just watched this amazing Demi Documentary. I identified with some of her struggles like the one she is still having with food. I'm having a similar one & I'm worried it is going to kill me early like it will my aunt & my mom. It scares the living hell out of me and I think that is part of the reason why I haven't dealt with it sooner. My dad has diabetes & my mom has a history of blood clots so this is life or death for me & them & they just keep enabling the behavior. Starting right now I'm going on a strict 1-year (to start) no spending/no binging spree. This is not a new years resolution, this is a change in my life. This is a change for the better. I'm going to start with a simple checklist of what I need to do to get started.

- Step 1: Admit I have a problem.
	- This is the hardest step of all. I need to admit this to everyone I know & I need to cut those people out of my life that either enable my behavior (eating/spending) or don't support me or care at all. I can't have them in my life regardless if they are family. Yes, I have done this a bit in the past but those were just words. I didn't really understand what they meant or how much they affected my life. I need to tell everyone that I Have an eating disorder and I am addicted to impulse decisions, specifically when it comes to food & spending money.
- Step 2: Figure out what my triggers are.
	- Is it stress? Lonlyness? Being tired? Overworked? Fear of ___? What is it that makes me want to kill myself with food & spend money I don't have. This will easily be the longest step & will overlap with the other steps below.
- Step 3: Find other outlets for my triggers instead of new things/food.
	- This is another thing that will take a while. Once I figure out Why I do something it will be easier to distract myself & learn that I don't need food to be happy & that new things are only temporarily satisfying. This needs to include going to the gym more and joining soccer teams and distracting myself @ work by maybe even changing positions/stores or job altogether.
- Step 4: Learn how to cook & learn to eat things that aren't "tasty"
	- By this I mean that I need to start pre-cooking so I have things to eat during the week. I need to make a list of appropriate meals & snacks and ONLY  keep those in the house. I need to stick to this lifestyle change for LIFE. It will be hard ALWAYS. EVERY. SINGLE. MINUTE. Will be a challenge but it will get easier over time. It will never be second nature but it will be for the better. This is a GOOD thing. Trust me on that.

Pretty simple steps right? Not really but that last one I need to read every day. I need to always think about that when times are tough. I am finally realizing I can only rely on myself & that isn't a bad thing. Other people aren't as reliable as YOU are. Only you know exactly what you want or need @ any given time so why rely on someone or something that doesn't.

Well, I just had to get this off my chest. I feel TONS better now. Time for some much needed sleep. Night! <3

~ Erin Motyka
4:12am
Saturday
12/23/17
December 23rd, 2017