Hello(:

Decided to open this in cursive… Not sure why… So I condensed myself down to 1 website. I am not pay $7.5/mo less on hosting (so $30) and still keeping my forum. I am happy about this though HostDime.com told me they would never host me anymore but that's fine w/me cause that is a good way to make sure I don't host people anymore.

I'm currently in Week 2 (Day 7) of class for my new chat job for AT&T through Arise. Ever since I found out that I was going to work through Arise I have been downgrading & upgrading my laptop plus calling Microsoft because IE is not working. I am addicted/Love windows 8.1 so I don't want to keep Windows 7 on it. I've been in class on my desktop recently b/c of these issues w/my laptop. At least the plugs for the mic & shit are in the front of my desktop. These people in class are VERY annoying. They don't understand the simplest things so we have to go over it 10x just for them to get it. AND they type so slowly it is ridiculous when we are practicing… at least when I am an agent it is realistic. When I am a customer it is just stupid.

I need to eat better. I can feel myself being 200lbs… last I weighed myself I was 190-195lbs but I don't remember 100% but I can tell I am gaining weight instead of losing it. Even if I am eating less and less each week. It is what I am eating that is literally killing me.

Well, I am in class for another 12 minutes so I guess I'll eat some grapes or an apple and then exercise for 15-20 min & then shower again. TTYL for now <3 <3

~ Erin Motyka

May 13, 2014

5/13/14

11:50am