Hello,

Right now I am trying to figure out why I feel like I HAVE TO own a website to be happy. It makes no sense. I have to have websites block me in order to stay away/not own that kind of site. I feel like I Have to make a comparison list now…..

| Forums/Sites                               | No Sites                             |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| Pro: Have fun w/a site that will be active | Pro: No paying for anything          |
| Con: Have to pay 2 people to be active     | Pro: No online ppl drama             |
| Con: have to pay 4 hosting                 | Neutral: could still post on forums  |
| Pro: won't be popular for at least a year  | Con: feel like I have nothing to do. |
| Con: Online drama                          |                                      |
|                                            |                                      |

I feel like closing my forum b/c I feel like it is a waste of money. It won't be active for years and the online drama is one thing that will not change.  I'll just meet new people who could be even meaner, probably won't be. I know I'll meet more nice people rather than mean people but I'm not sure if waiting for the nice active people is worth it. I want to make money but that takes time.

What it comes down to is waiting + time and I am impatient. So, I'm still not sure if I am up for waiting and paying for a successful forum. I feel like I am withdrawing back into my sites & I don't want to do that. I need to get out in the world. I think I need to close it. I shouldn't waste anymore $ on something I won't even stick with for any time to come.

I just closed it. No more renewals or anything. Now, to just stick w/the closing… I will do what I can to distract myself. That's all for now!

~ Erin Motyka
5/15/14
8:45am

---
Hello,

I am having an issue w/keeping my forum closed & it hasn't even been 3 whole hours yet. I am wanting to open it b/c I am bored BUT I am in class so I shouldn't be bored. Plus, it hasn't even been that long. I don't know why I am having such an issue with this especially since one class ends forever it is going to get worse…. I just have to keep strong and find other things to do besides ANYTHING w/forums until I get used to nto owning any sites.

I have to go now SORRY!

~ Erin Motyka
11:15am
5/15/14
May 15, 2014