Hello,

It is me again, complaining about my husband again. I am just full of so many complaints. Ugh… I wish this would change. Last 2 weeks were full of fights and OK days. Josh realized today the reason why he is angrier is because I’m either neutral towards him or mean, rarely ever complimenting him and such. He brought it up to me like that was supposed to change the way I act towards him. He never compliments me so why would I do it for him.

After that everything was good today until tonight when he was messing with his saltwater tank. He was emptying some water into the tub and poured some of the saltwater onto his fresh water siphon thing. He was already mad from seeing all of the dishes outside of the dishwasher and garbage everywhere that I hadn't had a chance to get to because I was working all day today. I worked all day every day since Monday last week. He doesn't seem to get how stressful that is because he gets on me when dishes are everywhere instead of helping me with them. He is doing them for me as I type this and I am grateful except for the fact it sounded like he almost/did break the dishwasher and he is complaining every step of the way. He knows I can hear him and he is trying to provoke me. I don't understand why he tries to provoke me and fight with me physically so much.

Anyway, he was mad about those dishes and then even more mad that he poured water on that thing and told me to rinse it off. I didn't get it dirty and I told him it was there, he just forgot so I said no. I wasn't doing it. I have enough on my plate. So he came at me, grabbed my forearms and slightly twisted and grabbed them pretty hard to the point where it hurt but it didn't leave a mark. I had to yell that he was hurting me for him to stop. He got in my face and everything.

I don't want to leave him but this isn't the first time this has happened and just like any abuser, he says he will stop and then he doesn't. I keep giving him chances because I blame it on his Autism but maybe we aren't right for each other? It's been almost 3 years of marriage and it just seems like it is getting worse not better. I don't understand. I thought it was supposed to get better?

I have talked to him so much about this, I don't see a point in talking to him again. He will just apologize and say he will get better, until he doesn't and he does it again. He has anger issues and doesn't care.